---
title: "[NWRRC 2023] Based Zeros"
layout: "post"
diff: 提高+/省选-
pid: P13582
tag: ['数学', '2023', 'ICPC', 'NWRRC']
---
# [NWRRC 2023] Based Zeros
## 题目描述

Barbara has always known how to represent integers in the decimal numeral system (base ten), using digits $0, 1, 2, \ldots, 9$. Recently she has learned that for any integer base $b \ge 2$, she can also represent integers in base $b$, using symbols with values from $0$ to $b-1$, inclusive, as digits.

Barbara's favorite digit is $0$. Luckily, it looks the same in all bases.

Today Barbara is playing with a positive integer $n$. Now she wonders: in what bases does the representation of $n$ contain the biggest number of zeros? Help her to find all such bases.
## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 1000$). The description of the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 10^{18}$).
## 输出格式

For each test case, in the first line, print two integers $k$ and $m$, denoting the maximum number of zeros the representation of $n$ can have in any integer base, and the number of such bases, respectively.

In the second line, print $m$ integers $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_m$, denoting all such bases in increasing order ($2 \le b_1 < b_2 < \cdots < b_m \le n$).
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
11
1007
239
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
1 3
2 3 11
2 2
3 10
1 4
2 6 15 239
```
## 提示

Here are the representations with the maximum number of zeros for the example test cases:

- $11   = \mathtt{1011}_2     = \mathtt{102}_3    = \mathtt{10}_{11}$ (one zero);
- $1007 = \mathtt{1101022}_3  = \mathtt{1007}_{10}$ (two zeros);
- $239  = \mathtt{11101111}_2 = \mathtt{1035}_6 = \mathtt{10E}_{15} = \mathtt{10}_{239}$ (one zero).

In the $239 = \mathtt{10E}_{15}$ representation, $\mathtt{E}$ stands for a digit with the value of $14$.
