---
title: "[NERC 2020 Online] Kate' s 2021 Celebration"
layout: "post"
diff: 入门
pid: P12860
tag: ['模拟', '2020', 'Special Judge', 'O2优化', '排序', 'ICPC', 'NERC/NEERC', 'STL']
---
# [NERC 2020 Online] Kate' s 2021 Celebration
## 题目描述

Kate did not have a good year 2020 and she is glad that it is coming to an end. She is planning to celebrate New Year 2021 on a grand scale. 

Kate has decided to buy four balloons with digits $\texttt{2} \texttt{0} \texttt{2} \texttt{1}$ painted on them for her 2021 celebration. She went to a store's web site and has found that balloons with digits are sold in packs containing different assortments of balloons of various sizes, colors, and with different digits painted on them. Kate does not care about their size, color, or other attributes. She only cares about digits written on those balloons. Fortunately, the store has all the information about different packs of balloons that are available. Kate has managed to retrieve it through the store's REST API and extracted just the information she needs --- the price and the digits that are written on balloons in each pack. 

Please, help Kate with the final task of figuring out what is the cheapest pack of balloons she can buy that would get her the four digits she needs for her 2021 celebration.
## 输入格式

The first line of the input file contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 1000$) --- the number of packs of balloons available in the store.  

The next $n$ lines contain descriptions of packs, one line per pack. Each pack is described by an integer $p$ ($1 \le p \le 10^5$) --- the price of the pack in roubles, followed by a string of at least one and at most $100$ digits (each digit is from $\texttt{0}$to $\texttt{9}$) --- the digits on the balloons in the pack.
## 输出格式

Output a single integer --- the number of the cheapest pack that Kate can buy to get the digits for her $2021$ celebration. Packs of balloons are numbered starting from $1$ in the order they are given in the input. If there are multiple packs with the same price, output any one of them.

Output $0$ if there is no pack in the store that Kate can buy for her 2021 celebration.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
4
100 9876543210
200 00112233445566778899
160 012345678924568
150 000000123456789
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
3
```
### 样例输入 #2
```
5
100 0123456789
120 0022446688
200 00224466883456789
10 0
10 1
```
### 样例输出 #2
```
0
```
## 提示

In the first example, 2nd and 3rd packs of balloons contain digits $\texttt{2} \texttt{0} \texttt{2} \texttt{1}$ and the 3rd one is the cheapest.
