---
title: "[GCJ 2020 Qualification] Indicium"
layout: "post"
diff: 省选/NOI-
pid: P13052
tag: ['2020', '网络流', 'Special Judge', '二分图', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2020 Qualification] Indicium
## 题目描述

Indicium means "trace" in Latin. In this problem we work with Latin squares and matrix traces.

A Latin square is an $\mathbf{N}$-by-$\mathbf{N}$ square matrix in which each cell contains one of $\mathbf{N}$ different values, such that no value is repeated within a row or a column. In this problem, we will deal only with "natural Latin squares" in which the $\mathbf{N}$ values are the integers between 1 and $\mathbf{N}$.

The trace of a square matrix is the sum of the values on the main diagonal (which runs from the upper left to the lower right).

Given values $\mathbf{N}$ and $\mathbf{K}$, produce any $\mathbf{N}$-by-$\mathbf{N}$ "natural Latin square" with trace $\mathbf{K}$, or say it is impossible. For example, here are two possible answers for $\mathbf{N}=3, \mathbf{K}=6$. In each case, the values that contribute to the trace are underlined.

$\begin{array}{llll}\underline{2} & 1 & 3 & \underline{3} \\3 & \underline{2} & 1 & 1 \\1 & 3 & \underline{2} & 2\end{array} \begin{array}{lll}1 & 2 \\ \underline{2} & 3 \\3 & \underline{1}\end{array}$

## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $\mathbf{T}$. $\mathbf{T}$ test cases follow. Each consists of one line containing two integers $\mathbf{N}$ and $\mathbf{K}$ : the desired size of the matrix and the desired trace.


## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing `Case #x: y`, where $x$ is the test case number (starting from 1) and $y$ is IMPOSSIBLE if there is no answer for the given parameters or POSSIBLE otherwise. In the latter case, output $\mathbf{N}$ more lines of $\mathbf{N}$ integers each, representing a valid "natural Latin square" with a trace of $\mathbf{K}$, as described above.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
2
3 6
2 3
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: POSSIBLE
2 1 3
3 2 1
1 3 2
Case #2: IMPOSSIBLE
```
## 提示

**Sample Explanation**

Sample Case #1 is the one described in the problem statement.

Sample Case #2 has no answer. The only possible 2-by-2 "natural Latin squares" are as follows:

```
1 2 2 1
2 1 1 2
```

These have traces of 2 and 4, respectively. There is no way to get a trace of 3.

**Limits**

- $\mathrm{N} \leqslant \mathrm{K} \leqslant \mathrm{N}^{2}$.

**Test set 1 (7 Pts, Visible Verdict)**

- $\mathrm{T}=44$.
- $2 \leqslant \mathrm{N} \leqslant 5$.

**Test set 2 (25 Pts, Hidden Verdict)**

- $1 \leqslant \mathrm{T} \leqslant 100$.
- $2 \leqslant \mathrm{N} \leqslant 50$.
