---
title: "[UOI 2024] Queries for Subarray Beauty"
layout: "post"
diff: 省选/NOI-
pid: P12554
tag: ['2024', 'UOI（乌克兰）']
---
# [UOI 2024] Queries for Subarray Beauty
## 题目描述

Let's call the **weight** of an array of integers $b$ of length $m$ the absolute value of the sum of its elements, i.e., $|b_1+b_2+...+b_m|$.

We define the **beauty** of a partition of array $c$ into several subarrays as the minimum **weight** among the **weights** of the subarrays. Formally, the **beauty** of a partition of array $c$ into $k$ subarrays $[c_1,\ldots,c_{p_1}],[c_{p_1+1},\ldots,c_{p_2}],\ldots,[c_{p_{k-1}+1},\ldots,c_{p_k}]$, where $1 \leq p_1 < p_2 < \ldots < p_{k-1} < p_k = n$, is the value $\min(|c_1+\ldots+c_{p_1}|,|c_{p_1+1}+\ldots+c_{p_2}|,\ldots,|c_{p_{k-1}+1}+\ldots+c_{p_k}|)$. For example, the partition of the array $[3,-6,4,5,-8]$ into subarrays $[3,-6],[4],[5,-8]$ has a **beauty** of $\min(|3+(-6)|,|4|,|5+(-8)|)=\min(3,4,3)=3$.

We define the **beauty** of an array $c$ as the maximum **beauty** among all possible partitions into subarrays.

An array of integers $a$ of length $n$ is given.

You need to perform $q$ queries. The queries can be of two types:

- find the **beauty** of the subarray consisting of elements $[a_{l},a_{l+1},\ldots,a_r]$, where ($l$, $r$) are the query parameters;
- replace the element $a_x$ with $v$, where ($x$, $v$) are the query parameters.
## 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $n$, $q$ ($1\le n, q\le 10^6$) --- the length of array $a$ and the number of queries, respectively.

The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($-10^9\le a_i\le 10^9)$ --- the elements of array $a$.

The next $q$ lines contain three integers each. The first of the numbers, $type_i$ ($1 \le type_i \le 2$), denotes the type of the query. Queries of the first type are given in the format "$\texttt{1 l r}$" ($1\le l\le r\le n$), and queries of the second type are given in the format "$\texttt{2 x v}$" ($1\le x\le n,$ $-10^9\le v\le 10^9$).
## 输出格式

For each query of the first type, output a single integer --- the **beauty** of the corresponding subarray.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
6 4
1 -3 4 2 -5 6
1 1 6
1 2 3
1 2 5
1 1 1
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
5
3
3
1
```
### 样例输入 #2
```
5 6
1 -2 3 -4 5
1 1 4
1 2 3
2 3 -6
1 2 4
2 4 2
1 1 5
```
### 样例输出 #2
```
2
2
12
7
```
## 提示

In the first example, for the third query, the maximum beauty of the partition of the array $[-3,4,2,-5]$ is achieved when partitioned into subarrays $[-3],[4,2],[-5]$.

In the second example, for the first query, the maximum beauty of the partition of the array $[1,-2,3,-4]$ is achieved when partitioned into subarrays $[1,-2,3],[-4]$.

### Scoring

- ($4$ points): $type_i = 1$ for $1\le i\le q$; $a_i > 0$ for $1\le i\le n$;
- ($14$ points): $type_i = 1$ for $1\le i\le q$; $n,q \le 1000$;
- ($10$ points): $type_i = 1$ for $1\le i\le q$; $n,q \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, for each query there exists an optimal division into no more than $2$ subarrays;
- ($10$ points): $type_i = 1$ for $1\le i\le q$; $q \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $l_i = 1$, $r_i = i$ for $1\le i\le q$;
- ($11$ points): $type_i = 1$ for $1\le i\le q$; $n,q \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $-5 \le \sum\limits_{j=1}^{i} a_j \le 5$ for $1\le i\le n$;
- ($18$ points): $type_i = 1$ for $1\le i\le q$; $n,q \le 2 \cdot 10^5$;
- ($9$ points): $type_i = 1$ for $1\le i\le q$;
- ($16$ points): $n,q \le 2 \cdot 10^5$;
- ($8$ points): without additional constraints.
