---
title: "[NOISG 2025 Finals] Flooding"
layout: "post"
diff: NOI/NOI+/CTSC
pid: P12019
tag: ['2025', '扫描线', 'NOISG（新加坡）']
---
# [NOISG 2025 Finals] Flooding
## 题目描述

Pavementland is a rectangle-shaped city, which can be modelled as a $h \times w$ grid of cells. The rows of the grid are numbered $1$ to $h$ from north to south, and the columns of the grid are numbered $1$ to $w$ from west to east. We refer to the cell located at row $r$ and column $c$ of the grid as cell $(r, c)$.

In the grid, each cell is either empty or contains a building. At least one cell is empty.

Due to a monsoon surge, flash floods are occurring throughout Pavementland. Initially, one empty cell becomes flooded with water by the rain. Then, the water flows according to the following rules:

- If an empty cell is adjacent to at least one flooded cell, it becomes flooded.
- If a cell containing a building is adjacent to at least two flooded cells, the building collapses and the cell becomes flooded.

Note that a cell is adjacent to another cell if they share an edge. A cell is adjacent to at most four other cells. Further note that water may not flow outside the grid. Let $f((r, c))$ be the number of cells that would be flooded after the process if the cell $(r, c)$ were initially flooded.

City officials are seeking to forecast the extent of flash floods in all possible scenarios. Help them determine the sum of $f((r, c))$ over all empty cells $(r, c)$.

## 输入格式

Your program must read from standard input.

The first line of input contains two space-separated integers $h$ and $w$.

The next $h$ lines of input each contain a binary string of length $w$. If the $c$-th character of the $r$-th line is $0$, then the cell $(r, c)$ is empty. If the $c$-th character of the $r$-th line is $1$, then the cell $(r, c)$ contains a building.

## 输出格式

Your program must print to standard output.

Output a single integer, the sum of $f((r, c))$ over all empty cells $(r, c)$.

## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3 3
000
011
010
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
46
```
### 样例输入 #2
```
5 5
00101
01011
11010
01101
11000
```
### 样例输出 #2
```
182
```
### 样例输入 #3
```
1 10
1101011100
```
### 样例输出 #3
```
6
```
## 提示

### Subtasks

For all test cases, the input will satisfy the following bounds:

- $1 \leq h, w \leq 5000$
- There is at least one empty cell in the grid.

Your program will be tested on input instances that satisfy the following restrictions:

| Subtask | Marks | Additional Constraints |
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| $0$ | $0$ | Sample test cases |
| $1$ | $5$ | $h = 1$ |
| $2$ | $7$ | $h, w \leq 80$ |
| $3$ | $16$ | $h, w \leq 500$ |
| $4$ | $32$ | $h, w \leq 2000$ |
| $5$ | $40$ | No additional constraints |

### Sample Test Case 1 Explanation

This test case is valid for subtasks $2$ to $5$.

If cells $(1, 1), (1, 2), (1, 3), (2, 1)$, or $(3, 1)$ were initially flooded, the entire grid would become flooded after the process. If cell $(3, 3)$ were initially flooded, only $1$ cell would become flooded after the process. Hence, the output is $9 + 9 + 9 + 9 + 9 + 1 = 46$.

### Sample Test Case 2 Explanation

This test case is valid for subtasks $2$ to $5$.

### Sample Test Case 3 Explanation

This test case is valid for all subtasks.

