---
title: "[NERC2023] Evaluate It and Back Again"
layout: "post"
diff: 暂无评定
pid: P12436
tag: ['2023', 'Special Judge', 'ICPC', '北欧亚大陆']
---
# [NERC2023] Evaluate It and Back Again
## 题目描述

Aidan and Nadia are long-time friends with a shared passion for mathematics. Each of them has a favorite number: Aidan's favorite number is $p$, and Nadia's is $q$. 

To commemorate their friendship, their friends want to make a present: a plaque with an arithmetic expression whose value is equal to their favorite numbers. At first glance, it sounds impossible, but the answer is simple: Aidan reads  _left-to-right_ , while Nadia reads  _right-to-left_ , so the same expression can have different values for them.

For example, if $\texttt{2023-12-13}$ is written on the plaque, then Aidan would calculate the result as $2023-12-13 = 1998$, and Nadia would calculate it as $31-21-3202=-3192$.

Find an arithmetic expression that, when read left-to-right, evaluates to $p$, and, when read right-to-left, evaluates to $q$. Its length must be at most $1000$ characters. It's guaranteed that such an expression exists for all valid inputs.
## 输入格式

The first line of the input contains two integers $p$ and $q$ ($-10^{18} \le p, q \le 10^{18}$).
## 输出格式

Print the expression without spaces or line breaks. It can only contain digits 0 through 9, $\tt{+}$, $\tt{-}$, and $\tt{*}$ characters.

The expression must contain at most $1000$ characters. Leading zeros in numbers are not allowed (the only exception is the notation $\tt{0}$ representing the number $0$) in both the expression and its reverse. Use of unary $\tt{+}$ or $\tt{-}$ is not allowed. 
The expression must be well-formed in both directions. The calculation uses the standard operator precedence. 
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
1998 -3192
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
2023-12-13
```
### 样例输入 #2
```
413 908
```
### 样例输出 #2
```
12*34+5

```
