---
title: "[GCJ 2017 Qualification] Bathroom Stalls"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P13160
tag: ['数学', '2017', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2017 Qualification] Bathroom Stalls
## 题目描述

A certain bathroom has $N + 2$ stalls in a single row; the stalls on the left and right ends are permanently occupied by the bathroom guards. The other $N$ stalls are for users.

Whenever someone enters the bathroom, they try to choose a stall that is as far from other people as possible. To avoid confusion, they follow deterministic rules: For each empty stall $S$, they compute two values $L_S$ and $R_S$, each of which is the number of empty stalls between $S$ and the closest occupied stall to the left or right, respectively. Then they consider the set of stalls with the farthest closest neighbor, that is, those $S$ for which $\min(L_S, R_S)$ is maximal. If there is only one such stall, they choose it; otherwise, they choose the one among those where $\max(L_S, R_S)$ is maximal. If there are still multiple tied stalls, they choose the leftmost stall among those.

$K$ people are about to enter the bathroom; each one will choose their stall before the next arrives. Nobody will ever leave.

When the last person chooses their stall $S$, what will the values of $\max(L_S, R_S)$ and $\min(L_S, R_S)$ be?

## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $T$. $T$ lines follow. Each line describes a test case with two integers $N$ and $K$, as described above.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing `Case #x: y z`, where $x$ is the test case number (starting from 1), $y$ is $\max(L_S, R_S)$, and $z$ is $\min(L_S, R_S)$ as calculated by the last person to enter the bathroom for their chosen stall $S$.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
5
4 2
5 2
6 2
1000 1000
1000 1
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 1 0
Case #2: 1 0
Case #3: 1 1
Case #4: 0 0
Case #5: 500 499
```
## 提示

**Sample Explanation**

In Sample Case #1, the first person occupies the leftmost of the middle two stalls, leaving the following configuration (O stands for an occupied stall and . for an empty one): `O.O..O`. Then, the second and last person occupies the stall immediately to the right, leaving 1 empty stall on one side and none on the other.

In Sample Case #2, the first person occupies the middle stall, getting to `O..O..O`. Then, the second and last person occupies the leftmost stall.

In Sample Case #3, the first person occupies the leftmost of the two middle stalls, leaving `O..O...O`. The second person then occupies the middle of the three consecutive empty stalls.

In Sample Case #4, every stall is occupied at the end, no matter what the stall choices are.

In Sample Case #5, the first and only person chooses the leftmost middle stall.

**Limits**

- $1 \leq T \leq 100$.
- $1 \leq K \leq N$.

**Small Dataset 1 (5 Pts, Test set 1 - Visible)**

- $1 \leq N \leq 1000$.

**Small Dataset 2 (10 Pts, Test set 2 - Visible)**

- $1 \leq N \leq 10^{6}$.

**Large Dataset (15 Pts, Test set 3 - Hidden)**

- $1 \leq N \leq 10^{18}$.
