---
title: "[GCJ 2016 #1B] Getting the Digits"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及-
pid: P13192
tag: ['贪心', '2016', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2016 #1B] Getting the Digits
## 题目描述

You just made a new friend at an international puzzle conference, and you asked for a way to keep in touch. You found the following note slipped under your hotel room door the next day:

"Salutations, new friend! I have replaced every digit of my phone number with its spelled-out uppercase English representation ("ZERO", "ONE", "TWO", "THREE", "FOUR", "FIVE", "SIX", "SEVEN", "EIGHT", "NINE" for the digits 0 through 9, in that order), and then reordered all of those letters in some way to produce a string $\mathbf{S}$. It's up to you to use $\mathbf{S}$ to figure out how many digits are in my phone number and what those digits are, but I will tell you that my phone number consists of those digits in nondecreasing order. Give me a call... if you can!"

You would like to call your friend to tell him that this is an obnoxious way to give someone a phone number, but you need the phone number to do that! What is it?
## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $\mathbf{T}$. $\mathbf{T}$ test cases follow. Each consists of one line with a string $\mathbf{S}$ of uppercase English letters.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing `Case #x: y`, where $x$ is the test case number (starting from 1) and $y$ is a string of digits: the phone number.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
4
OZONETOWER
WEIGHFOXTOURIST
OURNEONFOE
ETHER
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 012
Case #2: 2468
Case #3: 114
Case #4: 3
```
## 提示

**Limits**

- $1 \leqslant \mathbf{T} \leqslant 100$.
- A unique answer is guaranteed to exist.

**Small dataset (11 Pts, Test Set 1 - Visible)**

- $3 \leqslant \text{length of } \mathbf{S} \leqslant 20$.

**Large dataset (12 Pts, Test Set 2 - Hidden)**

- $3 \leqslant \text{length of } \mathbf{S} \leqslant 2000$.
