---
title: "[GCJ 2014 #1A] Full Binary Tree"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P13248
tag: ['2014', '树形 DP', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2014 #1A] Full Binary Tree
## 题目描述

A tree is a connected graph with no cycles.

A rooted tree is a tree in which one special vertex is called the root. If there is an edge between $X$ and $Y$ in a rooted tree, we say that $Y$ is a child of $X$ if $X$ is closer to the root than $Y$ (in other words, the shortest path from the root to $X$ is shorter than the shortest path from the root to $Y$).

A full binary tree is a rooted tree where every node has either exactly $2$ children or $0$ children.

You are given a tree $G$ with $N$ nodes (numbered from $1$ to $N$). You are allowed to delete some of the nodes. When a node is deleted, the edges connected to the deleted node are also deleted. Your task is to delete as few nodes as possible so that the remaining nodes form a full binary tree for some choice of the root from the remaining nodes.
## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $T$. $T$ test cases follow. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $N$, the number of nodes in the tree. The following $N-1$ lines each one will contain two space-separated integers: $X_i\ Y_i$, indicating that G contains an undirected edge between $X_i$ and $Y_i$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #$x$: $y$", where $x$ is the test case number (starting from $1$) and $y$ is the minimum number of nodes to delete from $G$ to make a full binary tree.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
3
2 1
1 3
7
4 5
4 2
1 2
3 1
6 4
3 7
4
1 2
2 3
3 4
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 0
Case #2: 2
Case #3: 1
```
## 提示

**Sample Explanation**

In the first case, G is already a full binary tree (if we consider node $1$ as the root), so we don't need to do anything.

In the second case, we may delete nodes $3$ and $7$; then $2$ can be the root of a full binary tree.

In the third case, we may delete node $1$; then $3$ will become the root of a full binary tree (we could also have deleted node $4$; then we could have made $2$ the root).

**Limits**

- $1 \leqslant T \leqslant 100$.
- $1 \leqslant X_i, Y_i \leqslant N$
- Each test case will form a valid connected tree.

**Small Dataset(9 Pts)**

- Time limit: ~~60~~ 3 seconds.
- $2 \leqslant N \leqslant 15$.

**Large dataset(21 Pts)**

- Time limit: ~~120~~ 10 seconds.
- $2 \leqslant N \leqslant 1000$.
