---
title: "[GCJ 2014 #1B] The Repeater"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及/提高-
pid: P13250
tag: ['字符串', '贪心', '2014', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2014 #1B] The Repeater
## 题目描述

Fegla and Omar like to play games every day. But now they are bored of all games, and they would like to play a new game. So they decided to invent their own game called "The Repeater".

They invented a $2$ player game. Fegla writes down $N$ strings. Omar's task is to make all the strings identical, if possible, using the minimum number of actions (possibly $0$ actions) of the following two types:

- Select any character in any of the strings and repeat it (add another instance of this character exactly after it). For example, in a single move Omar can change "abc" to "abbc" (by repeating the character 'b').
- Select any two adjacent and identical characters in any of the strings, and delete one of them. For example, in a single move Omar can change "abbc" to "abc" (delete one of the 'b' characters), but can't convert it to "bbc".

The $2$ actions are independent; it's not necessary that an action of the first type should be followed by an action of the second type (or vice versa).

Help Omar to win this game by writing a program to find if it is possible to make the given strings identical, and to find the minimum number of moves if it is possible.
## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $T$. $T$ test cases follow. Each test case starts with a line containing an integer $N$ which is the number of strings. Followed by $N$ lines, each line contains a non-empty string (each string will consist of lower case English characters only, from 'a' to 'z').
## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #$x$: $y$", where $x$ is the test case number (starting from $1$) and $y$ is the minimum number of moves to make the strings identical. If there is no possible way to make all strings identical, print "Fegla Won" (quotes for clarity).
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
5
2
mmaw
maw
2
gcj
cj
3
aaabbb
ab
aabb
2
abc
abc
3
aabc
abbc
abcc
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 1
Case #2: Fegla Won
Case #3: 4
Case #4: 0
Case #5: 3
```
## 提示

**Limits**

- $1 \leq T \leq 100$.
- $1 \leq \text{length of each string} \leq 100$.

**Small dataset(10 Pts)**

- Time limit: $60$ seconds.
- $N = 2$.

**Large dataset(13 Pts)**

- Time limit: $120$ seconds.
- $2 \leq N \leq 100$.
