---
title: "[GCJ 2012 Qualification] Recycled Numbers"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及/提高-
pid: P13313
tag: ['模拟', '2012', '枚举', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2012 Qualification] Recycled Numbers
## 题目描述

Do you ever become frustrated with television because you keep seeing the same things, recycled over and over again? Well I personally don't care about television, but I do sometimes feel that way about numbers.

Let's say a pair of distinct positive integers $(n, m)$ is *recycled* if you can obtain $m$ by moving some digits from the back of $n$ to the front without changing their order. For example, $(12345, 34512)$ is a recycled pair since you can obtain $34512$ by moving $345$ from the end of $12345$ to the front. Note that $n$ and $m$ must have the same number of digits in order to be a recycled pair. Neither $n$ nor $m$ can have leading zeros.

Given integers $A$ and $B$ with the same number of digits and no leading zeros, how many distinct recycled pairs $(n, m)$ are there with A $\leqslant n < m \leqslant$ B?

## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $T$. $T$ test cases follow. Each test case consists of a single line containing the integers $A$ and $B$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where $x$ is the case number (starting from 1), and $y$ is the number of recycled pairs $(n, m)$ with $A \leqslant n < m \leqslant B$.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
4
1 9
10 40
100 500
1111 2222
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 0
Case #2: 3
Case #3: 156
Case #4: 287
```
## 提示

**Are we sure about the output to Case #4?**

Yes, we're sure about the output to Case #4.

**Limits**

- $1 \leq T \leq 50$.
- $A$ and $B$ have the same number of digits.

**Test set 1 (10 Pts, Visible Verdict)**

$1 \leq A \leq B \leq 1000$.

**Test set 2 (15 Pts, Hidden Verdict)**

$1 \leq A \leq B \leq 2000000$.
