---
title: "[OOI 2022] Integral Array"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及/提高-
pid: P13546
tag: ['2022', 'Moscow Olympiad']
---
# [OOI 2022] Integral Array
## 题目背景

CF1648B
## 题目描述

You are given an array $a$ of $n$ positive integers numbered from $1$ to $n$. Let's call an array $\textit{integral}$ if for any two, not necessarily different, numbers $x$ and $y$ from this array, $x \ge y$, the number $\left \lfloor \frac{x}{y} \right \rfloor$ ($x$ divided by $y$ with rounding down) is also in this array.

You are guaranteed that all numbers in $a$ do not exceed $c$. Your task is to check whether this array is integral.
## 输入格式

The input consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10\,000$) --- the number of test cases. Description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $c$ ($1 \le n \le 10^6$, $1 \le c \le 10^7$) --- the size of $a$ and the limit for the numbers in the array.

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1$, $a_2$, $\ldots$, $a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le c$) --- the array $a$.

Let $N$ be the sum of $n$ over all test cases and $C$ be the sum of $c$ over all test cases.  It is guaranteed that $N \le 10^6$ and $C \le 10^7$.
## 输出格式

For each test case print $\texttt{Yes}$ if the array is integral and $\texttt{No}$ otherwise.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
3 5
1 2 5
4 10
1 3 3 7
1 2
2
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Yes
No
No
```
## 提示

### Note
In the first test case it is easy to see that the array is integral:
- $\left \lfloor \frac{1}{1} \right \rfloor = 1$, $a_1 = 1$, this number occurs in the arry
- $\left \lfloor \frac{2}{2} \right \rfloor = 1$
- $\left \lfloor \frac{5}{5} \right \rfloor = 1$
- $\left \lfloor \frac{2}{1} \right \rfloor = 2$, $a_2 = 2$, this number occurs in the array
- $\left \lfloor \frac{5}{1} \right \rfloor = 5$, $a_3 = 5$, this number occurs in the array
- $\left \lfloor \frac{5}{2} \right \rfloor = 2$, $a_2 = 2$, this number occurs in the array


Thus, the condition is met and the array is integral.

In the second test case it is enough to see that

$\left \lfloor \frac{7}{3} \right \rfloor = \left \lfloor 2\frac{1}{3} \right \rfloor = 2$, this number is not in $a$, that's why it is not integral.

In the third test case $\left \lfloor \frac{2}{2} \right \rfloor = 1$, but there is only $2$ in the array, that's why it is not integral.

### Scoring

Tests for this problem are divided into 7 groups. For each of the groups you earn points only if your solution passes all tests in this group and all tests in required groups.

| Group | Points | Additional constraints | < | Required groups | Comment |
|:-----:|:------:|:---------------------:|:-:|:---------------:|:-------:|
|       |        | $N$ | $C$ |                 |         |
| 0 | 0 | -- | -- | -- | Sample tests. |
| 1 | 13 | $N \le 100$ | -- | 0 |  |
| 2 | 17 | $N \le 100\,000$ | $C \le 10\,000$ | 0 |  |
| 3 | 15 | $N \le 1000$ | -- | 0, 1 | |
| 4 | 27 | $N \le 100\,000$ | -- | 0 -- 3 | |
| 5 | 28 | -- | -- | 0 -- 4 | |

