---
title: "[GCJ 2011 #3] Dire Straights"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P13379
tag: ['贪心', '2011', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2011 #3] Dire Straights
## 题目描述

You are playing a card game, where each card has an integer number written on it.

To play the game, you are given some cards — your $hand$. Then you arrange the cards in your hand into $straights$. A straight is a set of cards with consecutive values; e.g. the three cards $\{3, 4, 5\}$, or the single card $\{7\}$. You then receive a number of dollars equal to the length of the shortest straight. If you have no cards, you can form no straights, so you get zero dollars.

You will be given a series of test cases, each of which describes the cards you will have in your hand. Find the maximum number of dollars you can receive for each test case.
## 输入格式

The first line of the input contains the number of test cases, $T$. Each test case consists of one line. Each line contains $N$, the number of cards in your hand, followed by $N$ integers giving the numbers on those cards. These numbers are all space-separated.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #$x$: $y$", where $x$ is the case number (starting from 1) and $y$ is the maximum number of dollars you can receive.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
4
10 1 2 3 4 5 10 9 8 7 6
8 101 102 103 104 105 106 103 104
0
5 1 2 3 4 9
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 10
Case #2: 4
Case #3: 0
Case #4: 1
```
## 提示

**Sample Explanation**

In case 1, you have ten cards numbered $1$ to $10$, so you make one straight of length $10$, and get $10$ dollars.

In case 2, you could make two straights $\{101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106\}$ and $\{103, 104\}$ and get $2$ dollars. But it would be better to make $\{101, 102, 103, 104\}$ and $\{103, 104, 105, 106\}$ and get $4$ dollars.

In case 4, the card with the number $9$ must be in a straight containing only that card. So you get $1$ dollar.

In case 3, you have zero cards, so you get zero dollars. You don't get money for nothing.

**Limits**

- $1 \leq T \leq 100$
- The numbers on the cards are between $1$ and $10000$.

**Small dataset (4 Pts, Test set 1 - Visible)**

- $0 \leq N \leq 10$
- Time limit: ~~30~~ 3 seconds.

**Large dataset (12 Pts, Test set 2 - Hidden)**

- $0 \leq N \leq 1000$
- Time limit: ~~60~~ 6 seconds.
