---
title: "[GCJ 2009 #1C] Center of Mass"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P13438
tag: ['数学', '2009', '三分', 'Special Judge', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2009 #1C] Center of Mass
## 题目描述

You are studying a swarm of $N$ fireflies. Each firefly is moving in a straight line at a constant speed. You are standing at the center of the universe, at position $(0, 0, 0)$. Each firefly has the same mass, and you want to know how close the center of the swarm will get to your location (the origin).

You know the position and velocity of each firefly at $t = 0$, and are only interested in $t \geq 0$. The fireflies have constant velocity, and may pass freely through all of space, including each other and you. Let $M(t)$ be the location of the center of mass of the $N$ fireflies at time $t$. Let $d(t)$ be the distance between your position and $M(t)$ at time $t$. Find the minimum value of $d(t)$, $d_{\text{min}}$, and the earliest time when $d(t) = d_{\text{min}}$, $t_{\text{min}}$.
## 输入格式

The first line of input contains a single integer $T$, the number of test cases. Each test case starts with a line that contains an integer $N$, the number of fireflies, followed by $N$ lines of the form

$x\ y\ z\ v_x\ v_y\ v_z$

Each of these lines describes one firefly: $(x, y, z)$ is its initial position at time $t = 0$, and $(v_x, v_y, v_z)$ is its velocity.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output

Case #$X$: $d_{\text{min}}$ $t_{\text{min}}$

where $X$ is the test case number, starting from 1. Any answer with absolute or relative error of at most $10^{-5}$ will be accepted.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
3
3 0 -4 0 0 3
-3 -2 -1 3 0 0
-3 -1 2 0 3 0
3
-5 0 0 1 0 0
-7 0 0 1 0 0
-6 3 0 1 0 0
4
1 2 3 1 2 3
3 2 1 3 2 1
1 0 0 0 0 -1
0 10 0 0 -10 -1
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 0.00000000 1.00000000
Case #2: 1.00000000 6.00000000
Case #3: 3.36340601 1.00000000
```
## 提示

**Notes**

Given $N$ points $(x_i, y_i, z_i)$, their center of the mass is the point $(x_c, y_c, z_c)$, where:

- $x_c = (x_1 + x_2 + \ldots + x_N) / N$
- $y_c = (y_1 + y_2 + \ldots + y_N) / N$
- $z_c = (z_1 + z_2 + \ldots + z_N) / N$

**Limits**

- All the numbers in the input will be integers.
- $1 \leq T \leq 100$
- The values of $x$, $y$, $z$, $v_x$, $v_y$, and $v_z$ will be between $-5000$ and $5000$, inclusive.

**Small dataset(10 Pts)**

- $3 \leq N \leq 10$

**Large dataset(17 Pts)**

- $3 \leq N \leq 500$
