---
title: "[GCJ 2008 #1C] Ugly Numbers"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P13464
tag: ['动态规划 DP', '数学', '2008', '数论', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2008 #1C] Ugly Numbers
## 题目描述

Once upon a time in a strange situation, people called a number *ugly* if it was divisible by any of the one-digit primes ($2$, $3$, $5$ or $7$). Thus, $14$ is ugly, but $13$ is fine. $39$ is ugly, but $121$ is not. Note that $0$ is ugly. Also note that negative numbers can also be ugly; $-14$ and $-39$ are examples of such numbers.

One day on your free time, you are gazing at a string of digits, something like:

$123456$

You are amused by how many possibilities there are if you are allowed to insert *plus* or *minus* signs between the digits. For example you can make

$1 + 234 - 5 + 6 = 236$

which is ugly. Or

$123 + 4 - 56 = 71$

which is not ugly.

It is easy to count the number of different ways you can play with the digits: Between each two adjacent digits you may choose put a plus sign, a minus sign, or nothing. Therefore, if you start with $D$ digits there are $3^{D-1}$ expressions you can make.

Note that it is fine to have leading zeros for a number. If the string is "01023", then "01023", "0+1-02+3" and "01-023" are legal expressions.

Your task is simple: Among the $3^{D-1}$ expressions, count how many of them evaluate to an ugly number.
## 输入格式

The first line of the input file contains the number of cases, $N$. Each test case will be a single line containing a non-empty string of decimal digits.

## 输出格式

For each test case, you should output a line

Case #X: Y

where $X$ is the case number, starting from $1$, and $Y$ is the number of expressions that evaluate to an ugly number.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
4
1
9
011
12345
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 0
Case #2: 1
Case #3: 6
Case #4: 64
```
## 提示

**Limits**

- $0 \leq N \leq 100$.
- The string in each test case will be non-empty and will contain only characters '0' through '9'.

**Small dataset (Test set 1 - Visible)**

- Each string is no more than 13 characters long.

**Large dataset (Test set 2 - Hidden)**

- Each string is no more than 40 characters long.

