---
title: "[GCJ 2009 #1A] Multi-base happiness"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P13431
tag: ['模拟', '2009', '记忆化搜索', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2009 #1A] Multi-base happiness
## 题目描述

Given an integer $N$, replace it by the sum of the squares of its digits. A happy number is a number where, if you apply this process repeatedly, it eventually results in the number $1$. For example, if you start with $82$:

```
8*8 + 2*2       = 64 + 4    = 68,  repeat:
6*6 + 8*8       = 36 + 64   = 100, repeat:
1*1 + 0*0 + 0*0 = 1 + 0 + 0 = 1 (happy! :)
```

Since this process resulted in $1$, $82$ is a happy number.

Notice that a number might be happy in some bases, but not happy in others. For instance, the base $10$ number $82$ is not a happy number when written in base $3$ (as $10001$).

You are one of the world's top number detectives. Some of the bases got together (yes, they are organized!) and hired you for an important task: find out what's the smallest integer number that's greater than $1$ and is happy in all the given bases.
## 输入格式

The first line of input gives the number of cases $T$. $T$ test cases follow. Each case consists of a single line. Each line contains a space separated list of distinct integers, representing the bases. The list of bases is always in increasing order.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output:

Case #$X$: $K$

where $X$ is the test case number, starting from 1, and $K$ is the decimal representation of the smallest integer (greater than 1) which is happy in all of the given bases.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
2 3
2 3 7
9 10
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 3
Case #2: 143
Case #3: 91
```
## 提示

**Limits**

- $2 \leq \text{all possible input bases} \leq 10$

**Small dataset(9 Pts)**

- $1 \leq T \leq 42$
- $2 \leq \text{number of bases on each test case} \leq 3$

**Large dataset(18 Pts)**

- $1 \leq T \leq 500$
- $2 \leq \text{number of bases on each test case} \leq 9$

