---
title: "[UOI 2024] Colorful Table"
layout: "post"
diff: 提高+/省选-
pid: P12556
tag: ['2024', 'Special Judge', 'UOI（乌克兰）']
---
# [UOI 2024] Colorful Table
## 题目描述

You are given a table $a$ of size $n \times m$, consisting of symbols $\tt{R}$, $\tt{G}$, $\tt{B}$.

Also, given are integers $c$ ($2 \leq c \leq 3$) and $q$, where $c$ is the number of different symbols that can appear in the table. If $c$ equals $2$, only the symbols $\tt{R}$ and $\tt{G}$ are available; if $c$ equals $3$, the symbols $\tt{R}$, $\tt{G}$, $\tt{B}$ are available.

You need to change the values of at most $q$ elements of the table so that there are no pairs of neighboring cells with the same value. Note that if $c=2$, using the symbol $\tt{B}$ when changing the values of the table cells is prohibited.

It is guaranteed that under the given constraints, there is a way to change the values of at most $q$ elements of the table so that there are no pairs of neighboring cells with the same value.

**Note that there are no additional constraints in the problem.**
## 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \leq n, m \leq 100$) --- the number of rows and columns of the table $a$ respectively.

The second line contains two integers $c$ ($2 \leq c \leq 3$) and $q$, representing the number of available symbols and the number of allowed changes in the table, respectively.

The next $n$ lines contain $m$ symbols each --- the elements of the table $a$. If $c=2$, then $a_{ij} \in $ $\{\tt{R}, \tt{G}\}$. If $c=3$, then $a_{ij} \in $ $\{\tt{R}, \tt{G}, \tt{B}\}$.
## 输出格式

Output $n$ lines of $m$ symbols each, describing the table after the changes.

If there are multiple correct answers, any of them is allowed.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3 3
3 4
RRR
RRR
RRR
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
RGR
GRG
RGR

```
### 样例输入 #2
```
3 2
2 3
RG
GG
GR
```
### 样例输出 #2
```
RG
GR
RG
```
## 提示

### Scoring

- ($7$ points): $n = 1,\ c = 3,\ q = \lfloor \frac{n \cdot m}{2} \rfloor $;
- ($7$ points): $n = 1,\ c = 2,\ q = \lfloor \frac{n \cdot m}{2} \rfloor$;
- ($3$ points): $c = 3,\ q = n \cdot m$;
- ($7$ points): all rows of table $a$ are the same, $a[1][j] \neq a[1][j+1]$ (for $1 \leq j < m$), $c = 3$, $q = \lfloor \frac{n \cdot m}{2} \rfloor$;
- ($7$ points): all rows of table $a$ are the same, $c = 3$, $q = \lfloor \frac{n \cdot m}{2} \rfloor$;
- ($13$ points): $c = 3,\ q = \lfloor \frac{2 \cdot n \cdot m}{3} \rfloor $;
- ($19$ points): $c = 3,\ n \leq 5,\ m \leq 100,\ q = \lfloor \frac{n \cdot m}{2} \rfloor$;
- ($17$ points): $c = 2,\ q = \lfloor \frac{n \cdot m}{2} \rfloor$;
- ($20$ points): $c = 3,\ q = \lfloor \frac{n \cdot m}{2} \rfloor$.
