---
title: "[NERC 2022] Lisa's Sequences"
layout: "post"
diff: NOI/NOI+/CTSC
pid: P12801
tag: ['2022', 'Special Judge', 'ICPC', 'NERC/NEERC']
---
# [NERC 2022] Lisa's Sequences
## 题目描述

Lisa loves playing with the sequences of integers. When she gets a new integer sequence $a_i$ of length $n$, she starts looking for all $\textit{monotone}$ subsequences. A monotone subsequence $[l, r]$ is defined by two indices $l$ and $r$ ($1 \le l < r \le n$) such that $\forall i = l, l+1, \ldots, r-1: a_i \le a_{i+1}$ or $\forall i = l, l+1, \ldots, r-1: a_i \ge a_{i+1}$. 

Lisa considers a sequence $a_i$ to be $\textit{boring}$ if there is a monotone subsequence $[l, r]$ that is as long as her boredom threshold $k$, that is when $r - l + 1 = k$.

Lucas has a sequence $b_i$ that he wants to present to Lisa, but the sequence might be boring for Lisa. So, he wants to change some elements of his sequence $b_i$, so that Lisa does not get bored playing with it. However, Lucas is lazy and wants to change as few elements of the sequence $b_i$ as possible. Your task is to help Lucas find the required changes. 
## 输入格式

The first line of the input contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($3 \le k \le n \le 10^6$) --- the length of the sequence and Lisa's boredom threshold. The second line contains $n$ integers $b_i$ ($1 \le b_i \le 99\,999$) --- the original sequence that Lucas has.
## 输出格式

On the first line output an integer $m$ --- the minimal number of elements in $b_i$ that needs to be changed to make the sequence not boring for Lisa. On the second line output $n$ integers $a_i$ ($0 \le a_i \le 100\,000$), so that the sequence of integers $a_i$ is not boring for Lisa and is different from the original sequence $b_i$ in exactly $m$ positions.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
5 3
1 2 3 4 5
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
2
1 0 3 0 5
```
### 样例输入 #2
```
6 3
1 1 1 1 1 1
```
### 样例输出 #2
```
3
1 100000 0 1 0 1
```
### 样例输入 #3
```
6 4
1 1 4 4 1 1
```
### 样例输出 #3
```
1
1 1 4 0 1 1
```
### 样例输入 #4
```
6 4
4 4 4 2 2 2
```
### 样例输出 #4
```
2
4 4 0 2 0 2
```
### 样例输入 #5
```
6 4
4 4 4 3 4 4
```
### 样例输出 #5
```
1
4 4 100000 3 4 4
```
### 样例输入 #6
```
8 4
2 1 1 3 3 1 1 2
```
### 样例输出 #6
```
2
2 1 1 3 0 1 0 2
```
### 样例输入 #7
```
10 4
1 1 1 2 2 1 1 2 2 1
```
### 样例输出 #7
```
2
1 1 100000 2 2 100000 1 2 2 1
```
### 样例输入 #8
```
7 5
5 4 4 3 4 4 4
```
### 样例输出 #8
```
0
5 4 4 3 4 4 4
```
### 样例输入 #9
```
10 10
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
```
### 样例输出 #9
```
1
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 1
```
