---
title: "[GCJ 2020 Finals] Adjacent and Consecutive"
layout: "post"
diff: 省选/NOI-
pid: P13071
tag: ['博弈论', '2020', '记忆化搜索', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2020 Finals] Adjacent and Consecutive
## 题目描述

Two players, A and B, are playing a game. The game uses $\mathbf{N}$ tiles numbered 1 through $\mathbf{N}$, and a board consisting of a single horizontal row of $\mathbf{N}$ empty cells.

Players alternate turns, with Player A going first. On a turn, a player picks an unused tile and an empty cell and places the tile in the cell. At the end of the game, Player A wins if there are two tiles with consecutive numbers in adjacent cells (regardless of who put them there). Otherwise, Player B wins. For example, final boards of 1 2 3 4 and 4 1 3 2 are examples of wins for Player A, and a final board of 3 1 4 2 is an example of a win for Player B. (Notice that consecutive numbers may appear in either order.)

You just watched two players play a game, but you could not understand their strategy. They may not have played rationally! You decide to compare their moves against an optimal strategy.

A winning state is a state of the game from which the player whose turn it is can guarantee a win if they play optimally, regardless of what the opponent does. A mistake is a move made while in a winning state that results in the opponent having a winning state on their next turn. (Notice that it is not possible to make a mistake on the last turn of the game, since if the last turn begins with a winning state for that player, it must be because that player's only move results in a win.)

Given the $\mathbf{N}$ moves, count the number of mistakes made by each player.
## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $\mathbf{T}$. $\mathbf{T}$ test cases follow. Each case begins with one line containing an integer $\mathbf{N}$: the number of tiles in the game (which is also the number of turns, and the number of cells on the board).

Then, $\mathbf{N}$ more lines follow. The $i$-th of these (counting starting from 1) has two integers $\mathbf{M_i}$ and $\mathbf{C_i}$. Respectively, these represent the tile chosen on the $i$-th turn, and the index of the cell (counting from 1 at the left end to $\mathbf{N}$ at the right end) where that tile is placed.

Note that it is Player A's turn whenever $i$ is odd, and Player B's turn whenever $i$ is even.
## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing `Case #x: a b`, where $x$ is the test case number (starting from 1), $a$ is the total number of mistakes made by Player A, and $b$ is the total number of mistakes made by Player B.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
6
2 2
3 5
4 3
6 6
1 4
5 1
4
4 1
1 3
3 4
2 2
4
3 1
2 2
4 3
1 4
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 2 1
Case #2: 0 0
Case #3: 0 0
```
## 提示

**Sample Explanation**

Notice that any game always begins in a winning state for Player A. For example, Player A can play tile 2 in cell 2 (i.e. the second cell from the left). No matter what Player B does on their turn, at least one of tiles 1 and 3 will be unused, and at least one of cells 1 and 3 will be empty. Then Player A can play one of those tiles in one of those cells, and this secures a win for Player A regardless of what happens in the rest of the game.

In Sample Case #1, the game plays out as follows:

* _ _ _ _ _ _. This is a winning state for Player A, as explained above.
* Turn 1: Player A plays tile 2 in cell 2.
* _ 2 _ _ _ _. This is not a winning state for Player B, as explained above; Player B cannot guarantee a win, regardless of their remaining choices in the game.
* Turn 2: Player B plays tile 3 in cell 5.
* _ 2 _ _ 3 _. This is a winning state for Player A; for example, they could play tile 1 in cell 3.
* Turn 3: Player A plays tile 4 in cell 3.
* _ 2 4 _ 3 _. This is a winning state for Player B; for example, they could play tile 5 in cell 1, and then they would be guaranteed to win no matter what Player A did. So Player A's last move was a mistake!
* Turn 4: Player B plays tile 6 in cell 6.
* _ 2 4 _ 3 6. This is a winning state for Player A, since Player A could play tile 1 in cell 1. So Player B's last move was a mistake!
* Turn 5: Player A plays tile 1 in cell 4.
* _ 2 4 1 3 6. This is a winning state for Player B, so Player A's last move was a mistake!
* Turn 6: Player B plays tile 5 in cell 1.
* 5 2 4 1 3 6. The game is over, and Player B has won.

In total, Player A made 2 mistakes and Player B made 1 mistake.

In Sample Case #2, although some of the moves may look risky, neither player made a mistake as defined in this problem. Player A never gave up a winning state to Player B, and Player B had no opportunity to make a mistake because they were never in a winning state.

In Sample Case #3, notice that even though the outcome of the game is determined after the second move (since that move creates a pair of adjacent and consecutive tiles), all tiles must be placed in each game. Moreover, although the second move assures Player A's victory, it is not a mistake for Player B because Player B was not in a winning state at the time.

**Limits**

- $1 \leq T \leq 100.$
- $1 \leq M_i \leq N,$ for all $i.$
- $M_i \neq M_j,$ for all $i \neq j.$
- $1 \leq C_i \leq N,$ for all $i.$
- $C_i \neq C_j,$ for all $i \neq j.$

**Test Set 1 (10 Pts, Visible Verdict)**

- $4 \leq N \leq 10.$

**Test Set 2 (32 Pts, Hidden Verdict)**

- $4 \leq N \leq 50.$
