---
title: "[GCJ 2018 #1A] Edgy Baking"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P13138
tag: ['动态规划 DP', '2018', 'Special Judge', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2018 #1A] Edgy Baking
## 题目描述

The baker Mr. Maillard has rolled out some cookie dough and cut it up to create $\mathbf{N}$ cookies, each of which is a rectangle. He was just about to put them in the oven when he remembered that the crispy, caramelized edges of cookies taste particularly delicious. Specifically, he thinks he would be happiest if the sum of the perimeters of all the cookies were as close as possible to $\mathbf{P}$ millimeters (mm), without going over. (If the batch of cookies is too edgy, it might burn!)

For each cookie, Mr. Maillard can decide whether to leave it as is, or make a single straight cut to separate it into two (not necessarily rectangular) halves with equal area. (Note that such a cut must necessarily go through the center of the cookie.) The two new cookies created in this way cannot themselves be cut again.

If Mr. Maillard makes optimal decisions, what is the closest he can come to $\mathbf{P}$ without exceeding it?

## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $\mathbf{T}$. $\mathbf{T}$ test cases follow. Each begins with one line with two integers $\mathbf{N}$ and $\mathbf{P}$ : the number of cookies, and the desired perimeter sum (in mm), respectively. Then, $\mathbf{N}$ lines follow. The $i$-th of these has two integers $\mathbf{W}_{\mathbf{i}}$ and $\mathbf{H}_{\mathbf{i}}$ : the width and height (both in mm) of the $i$-th cookie.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing `Case #x: y`, where $x$ is the test case number (starting from 1) and $y$ is a real number: the largest possible sum (in mm) of the perimeters of all cookies (after Mr. Maillard is done cutting) that does not exceed $\mathbf{P}$. $y$ will be considered correct if it is within an absolute or relative error of $10^{-6}$ of the correct answer. See the FAQ for an explanation of what that means, and what formats of real numbers we accept.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
4
1 7
1 1
2 920
50 120
50 120
1 32
7 4
3 240
10 20
20 30
30 10
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 6.828427
Case #2: 920.000000
Case #3: 32.000000
Case #4: 240.000000
```
## 提示

**Sample Explanation**

Note that the last sample case would not appear in test set 1.

In Sample Case #1, there is only one cookie, and it is a square with side length 1. Mr. Maillard can cut from one corner to a diagonally opposite corner, which creates two right triangles, each of which has side lengths 1, 1, and $\sqrt 2$. Then the perimeter sum is $4+2 \times \sqrt 2$; this is smaller than $\mathbf{P}=7$, but it is not possible to get any closer.

In Sample Case #2, Mr. Maillard can cut the first cookie along its longer axis to create two new $25 \times 120$ rectangles, and leave the second cookie alone. The total perimeter is then $580+340=920$, which is exactly $\mathbf{P}$.

In Sample Case #3, Mr. Maillard can cut the cookie to make two trapezoids, each of which has side lengths of $2, 4, 5$, and $5$. Then the new perimeter sum is $32$, which is exactly $\mathbf{P}$.

In Sample Case #4, the initial perimeter sum is exactly $\mathbf{P}$, so Mr. Maillard should not make any cuts.

**Limits**

- $1 \leqslant \mathbf{T} \leqslant 100$.
- $1 \leqslant \mathbf{N} \leqslant 100$.
- $1 \leqslant \mathbf{W}_{\mathbf{i}} \leqslant 250$, for all $i$.
- $1 \leqslant \mathbf{H}_{\mathbf{i}} \leqslant 250$, for all $i$.
- $\mathbf{P} \geqslant 2 \times$ the sum of $\left(\mathbf{W}_{\mathbf{i}}+\mathbf{H}_{\mathbf{i}}\right)$ over all $i$. ( $\mathbf{P}$ is at least as large as the sum of the perimeters of all cookies before any cuts are made.)
- $\mathbf{P} \leqslant 10^{8}$.

**Test set 1 (14 Pts, Visible)**

- $\mathbf{W}_{\mathbf{i}}=\mathbf{W}_{\mathbf{j}}$, for all $i$ and $j$.
- $\mathbf{H}_{\mathbf{i}}=\mathbf{H}_{\mathbf{j}}$, for all $i$ and $j$.
- (All of the provided cookies have the same dimensions.)

**Test set 2 (29 Pts, Hidden)**

- No additional limits beyond the general ones. (In particular, the provided cookies do not all necessarily have the same dimensions.)
