---
title: "[GCJ 2013 #2] Erdős–Szekeres"
layout: "post"
diff: 提高+/省选-
pid: P13296
tag: ['图论', '贪心', '2013', '图论建模', '构造', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2013 #2] Erdős–Szekeres
## 题目描述

Given a list $X$, consisting of the numbers $(1, 2, \ldots, N)$, an increasing subsequence is a subset of these numbers which appears in increasing order, and a decreasing subsequence is a subset of those numbers which appears in decreasing order. For example, $(5, 7, 8)$ is an increasing subsequence of $(4, 5, 3, 7, 6, 2, 8, 1)$.

Nearly 80 years ago, two mathematicians, Paul Erdős and George Szekeres proved a famous result: $X$ is guaranteed to have either an increasing subsequence of length at least $\sqrt{N}$ or a decreasing subsequence of length of at least $\sqrt{N}$. For example, $(4, 5, 3, 7, 6, 2, 8, 1)$ has a decreasing subsequence of length 4: $(5, 3, 2, 1)$.

I am teaching a combinatorics class, and I want to "prove" this theorem to my class by example. For every number $X[i]$ in the sequence, I will calculate two values:

* $A[i]$: The length of the longest increasing subsequence of $X$ that includes $X[i]$ as its largest number.
* $B[i]$: The length of the longest decreasing subsequence of $X$ that includes $X[i]$ as its largest number.

The key part of my proof will be that the pair $(A[i], B[i])$ is different for every i, and this implies that either $A[i]$ or $B[i]$ must be at least $\sqrt{N}$ for some i. For the sequence listed above, here are all the values of $A[i]$ and $B[i]$:

| $i$ | $X[i]$ | $A[i]$ | $B[i]$ |
|:-:|:----:|:----:|:----:|
| 0 | 4    | 1    | 4    |
| 1 | 5    | 2    | 4    |
| 2 | 3    | 1    | 3    |
| 3 | 7    | 3    | 4    |
| 4 | 6    | 3    | 3    |
| 5 | 2    | 1    | 2    |
| 6 | 8    | 4    | 2    |
| 7 | 1    | 1    | 1    |

I came up with a really interesting sequence to demonstrate this fact with, and I calculated $A[i]$ and $B[i]$ for every $i$, but then I forgot what my original sequence was. Given $A[i]$ and $B[i]$, can you help me reconstruct $X$?

$X$ should consist of the numbers $(1, 2, \ldots, N)$ in some order, and if there are multiple sequences possible, you should choose the one that is lexicographically smallest. This means that $X[0]$ should be as small as possible, and if there are still multiple solutions, then $X[1]$ should be as small as possible, and so on.
## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $T$. $T$ test cases follow, each consisting of three lines.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $N$. The second line contains $N$ positive integers separated by spaces, representing $A[0], A[1], \dots, A[N-1]$. The third line also contains $N$ positive integers separated by spaces, representing $B[0], B[1], \dots, B[N-1]$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: ", followed by $X[0], X[1], \dots X[N-1]$ in order, and separated by spaces.

## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
2
1
1
1
8
1 2 1 3 3 1 4 1
4 4 3 4 3 2 2 1
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 1
Case #2: 4 5 3 7 6 2 8 1
```
## 提示

**Limits**

* $1 \leq T \leq 30$.
* It is guaranteed that there is at least one possible solution for $X$.

**Small dataset (9 Pts, Test set 1 - Visible)**

* $1 \leq N \leq 20$.

**Large dataset (15 Pts, Test set 2 - Hidden)**

* $1 \leq N \leq 2000$.

