---
title: "[GCJ 2015 #1A] Haircut"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及/提高-
pid: P13216
tag: ['2015', '二分', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2015 #1A] Haircut
## 题目描述

You are waiting in a long line to get a haircut at a trendy barber shop. The shop has $B$ barbers on duty, and they are numbered $1$ through $B$. It always takes the $k$th barber exactly $M_k$ minutes to cut a customer's hair, and a barber can only cut one customer's hair at a time. Once a barber finishes cutting hair, he is immediately free to help another customer.

While the shop is open, the customer at the head of the queue always goes to the lowest-numbered barber who is available. When no barber is available, that customer waits until at least one becomes available.

You are the $N$-th person in line, and the shop has just opened. Which barber will cut your hair?

## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $T$. $T$ test cases follow; each consists of two lines. The first contains two space-separated integers $B$ and $N$ -- the number of barbers and your place in line. The customer at the head of the line is number $1$, the next one is number $2$, and so on. The second line contains $M_1$, $M_2$, $\dots $, $M_B$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #$x$: $y$", where $x$ is the test case number (starting from $1$) and $y$ is the number of the barber who will cut your hair.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
2 4
10 5
3 12
7 7 7
3 8
4 2 1
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 1
Case #2: 3
Case #3: 1
```
## 提示

**Sample Explanation**

In Case #1, you are the fourth person in line, and barbers $1$ and $2$ take $10$ and $5$ minutes, respectively, to cut hair. When the shop opens, the first customer immediately has the choice of barbers $1$ and $2$, and she will choose the lowest-numbered barber, $1$. The second customer will immediately be served by barber $2$. The third customer will wait since there are no more free barbers. After $5$ minutes, barber $2$ will finish cutting the second customer's hair, and will serve the third customer. After $10$ minutes, both barbers $1$ and $2$ will finish; you are next in line, and you will have the choice of barbers $1$ and $2$, and will choose $1$.

**Limits**

- $1 \leq T \leq 100$.
- $1 \leq N \leq 10^9$.

**Small dataset(11 Pts)**

- Time limit: ~~240~~ 5 seconds.
- $1 \leq B \leq 5$.
- $1 \leq M_k \leq 25$.

**Large dataset**

- Time limit: ~~480~~ 10 seconds.
- $1 \leq B \leq 1000$.
- $1 \leq M_k \leq 100000$.
