---
title: "[GCJ 2010 Qualification] Fair Warning"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P13388
tag: ['数学', '高精度', '2010', '数论', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2010 Qualification] Fair Warning
## 题目背景

Fortunately for the peoples of the Jamcode system, "the apocalypse" turned out to be a mistranslation of "the giant party." Nobody from Jamcode IX bothered to pass this along, because they were having so much fun.
## 题目描述

On our planet, Jamcode IX, three Great Events occurred. They happened $26000$, $11000$ and $6000$ slarboseconds ago. In $4000$ slarboseconds, the amount of time since all of those events will be multiples of $5000$ slarboseconds, the largest possible amount... and the apocalypse will come.

Luckily for you, you live on Jamcode X! The apocalypse came on Jamcode IX less than a year ago. But Jamcode X has a worrying prophecy: "After the moment of reckoning, on the first optimum anniversary of the N Great Events, the apocalypse will come. 64 bits will not save you. You have been warned."

The people of Jamcode X are very concerned by this prophecy. All of the Great Events have already happened, and their times have been measured to the nearest slarbosecond; but nobody knows when their optimum anniversary will occur. After studying the diary of a scientist from Jamcode IX, scientists working on the problem have come up with a theory:

The moment of reckoning is now, the moment you solve this problem. At some time $y \geqslant 0$ slarboseconds from now, the number of slarboseconds since each of the Great Events will be divisible by some maximum number $T$. If you can find the smallest value of $y$ that gives this largest possible $T$, that will give you the optimum anniversary when the apocalypse will come.

On Jamcode IX, for example, there were 3 Great Events and they happened $26000$, $11000$ and $6000$ slarboseconds before the moment of reckoning. $4000$ slarboseconds later, the amount of time since each event was a multiple of $T=5000$ slarboseconds, and the apocalypse came.

Your job is to compute the amount of time until the apocalypse comes. But remember the prophecy: even though the people of Jamcode X have been solving problems for two years, and 64-bit integers have always been enough, they might not always be enough now or in the future.

## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $C$. $C$ lines follow. Each starts with a single integer $N$, which is followed by a space and then $N$ space-separated integers $t_i$, the number of slarboseconds since Great Event i occurred.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where $x$ is the case number (starting from 1) and $y$ is the minimum number of slarboseconds until $t_i + y$ is a multiple of the largest possible integer factor $T$ for all $i$.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
3 26000000 11000000 6000000
3 1 10 11
2 800000000000000000001 900000000000000000001
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 4000000
Case #2: 0
Case #3: 99999999999999999999
```
## 提示

**Limits**

- $1 \leqslant C \leqslant 100.$
- $t_{i} \neq t_{j}$ for some $i, j$.

**Small dataset (10 Pts, Test set 1 - Visible)**

- $2 \leqslant N \leqslant 3.$
- $1 \leqslant t_{i} \leqslant 10^{8}.$

**Large dataset (23 Pts, Test set 2 - Hidden)**

- $2 \leqslant N \leqslant 1000.$
- $1 \leqslant t_{i} \leqslant 10^{50}.$
