---
title: "[GCJ 2008 #2] Star Wars"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P13468
tag: ['数学', '2008', 'Special Judge', '线性规划', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2008 #2] Star Wars
## 题目描述

Near the planet Mars, in a faraway galaxy eerily similar to our own, there is a fight to the death between the imperial forces and the rebels. The rebel army has $N$ ships which we will consider as points $(x_i, y_i, z_i)$. Each ship has a receiver with power $p_i$. The rebel army needs to be able to send messages from the central cruiser to all the ships, but they are tight on finances, so they cannot afford a strong transmitter.

If the cruiser is placed at $(x, y, z)$, and one of the other ships is at $(x_i, y_i, z_i)$ and has a receiver of power $p_i$, then the power of the cruiser's transmitter needs to be at least:

$(|x_i - x| + |y_i - y| + |z_i - z|) / p_i$

Your task is to find the position for the cruiser that minimizes the power required for its transmitter, and to output that power.

## 输入格式

The first line of input gives the number of cases, $T$. $T$ test cases follow.

Each test case contains on the first line the integer $N$, the number of ships in the test case.

$N$ lines follow, each line containing four integer numbers $x_i$, $y_i$, $z_i$ and $p_i$, separated by single spaces. These are the coordinates of the $i$-th ship, and the power of its receiver. There may be more than one ship at the same coordinates.

## 输出格式

For each input case, you should output:

Case #X: Y

where $X$ is the number of the test case and $Y$ is the minimal power that is enough to reach all the fleet's ships. Answers with a relative or absolute error of at most $10^{-6}$ will be considered correct.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
4
0 0 0 1
1 2 0 1
3 4 0 1
2 1 0 1
1
1 1 1 1
3
1 0 0 1
2 1 1 4
3 2 3 2
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: 3.50000000
Case #2: 0.00000000
Case #3: 2.33333333
```
## 提示

**Sample Explanation**

In the first test case, the four ships have coordinates $(0, 0, 0), (1, 2, 0), (3, 4, 0), (2, 1, 0)$ and powers $1, 1, 1, 1$ respectively. We can place a cruiser with the power $3.5$ at the coordinates $(1.5, 2, 0)$ which will be able to reach all the ships.

In the second case we can place the cruiser right on top of the ship, with transmitter power 0.

**Sample Explanation**

- $1 \leq T \leq 10$
- $0 \leq x_i, y_i, z_i \leq 10^6$
- $1 \leq p_i \leq 10^6$

**Small dataset (10 Pts, Test set 1 - Visible)**

- $1 \leq N \leq 10$

**Large dataset (20 Pts, Test set 2 - Hidden)**

- $1 \leq N \leq 1000$
