---
title: "[NWRRC 2023] Every Queen"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及/提高-
pid: P13585
tag: ['2023', 'Special Judge', 'ICPC', '分类讨论', 'NWRRC']
---
# [NWRRC 2023] Every Queen
## 题目描述

There are $n$ chess queens on an infinite grid. They are placed in squares with coordinates $(x_1, y_1), (x_2, y_2), \ldots, (x_n, y_n)$. Your task is to find a square that all queens attack, or report that no such square exists.

A queen in square $(x_i, y_i)$ attacks square $(x, y)$ if at least one of the following conditions is satisfied:

- $x_i = x$;
- $y_i = y$;
- $|x_i - x| = |y_i - y|$.

Note that in this problem, the queens do not block each other. For example, if there are queens in squares $(1, 1)$ and $(2, 2)$, both of them attack square $(3, 3)$. Moreover, you can choose a square that already contains a queen. For example, square $(1, 1)$ would be a valid answer in this case.
## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^5$). The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$, denoting the number of queens ($1 \le n \le 10^5$).

The $i$-th of the following $n$ lines contains two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$, denoting the coordinates of the square containing the $i$-th queen ($-10^8 \le x_i, y_i \le 10^8$). No two queens share the same square.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$.
## 输出格式

For each test case, if an answer exists, print $\tt{YES}$ in the first line. Then, in the second line, print two integers $x$ and $y$, denoting the coordinates of a square attacked by every queen ($-10^9 \le x, y \le 10^9$). 

If no such square exists, print a single line containing $\tt{NO}$ instead.

It can be shown that if an answer exists, there also exists an answer that satisfies $-10^9 \le x, y \le 10^9$. If there are multiple answers, print any of them.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
2
1 1
2 2
4
0 1
1 0
3 1
4 0
5
0 1
1 0
1 2
2 2
4 2
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
YES
1 1
NO
YES
-1 2
```
