---
title: "[NOISG 2016] UnluckyFloors"
layout: "post"
diff: 暂无评定
pid: P13650
tag: ['2016', 'NOISG（新加坡）']
---
# [NOISG 2016] UnluckyFloors
## 题目描述

When Rar the Cat went to Taiwan for IOI 2014, he was accomodated in a hotel. During his
stay, he realised that certain floors are 'missing' from the hotel building. Namely, he observed that numbers containing $4$ and $13$ as substrings are omitted from the floor numberings. This is because $4$ and $13$ are considered unlucky numbers and are purposely left out in the numbering.

For simplicity, we will refer to this numbering scheme as the lucky numbering scheme, as it omits the unlucky numbers. The table below shows the first $20$ floors in a lucky numbering scheme as well as the conventional numbering scheme.

:::align{center}

| Conventional | Lucky |
| :-: | :-: |
| $1$ | $1$ |
| $2$ | $2$ |
| $3$ | $3$ |
| $4$ | $5$ |
| $5$ | $6$ |
| $6$ | $7$ |
| $7$ | $8$ |
| $8$ | $9$ |
| $9$ | $10$ |
| $10$ | $11$ |
| $11$ | $12$ |
| $12$ | $15$ |
| $13$ | $16$ |
| $14$ | $17$ |
| $15$ | $18$ |
| $16$ | $19$ |
| $17$ | $20$ |
| $18$ | $21$ |
| $19$ | $22$ |
| $20$ | $23$ |

:::

However, Rar the Cat feels that such a numbering scheme is not legitimate and wants to be able to convert floors between the lucky and conventional numbering scheme. For example, floor $6$ in the lucky numbering scheme will be floor $5$ in the conventional numbering scheme and floor $15$ will actually be floor $12$. Hence, given a floor number in the lucky numbering scheme, Rar the Cat wants you to compute which floor it will be in the conventional numbering scheme and vice-versa.
## 输入格式

Your program must read from standard input.

The input will start with a single integer, $N$, in a single line. $N$ denotes how many floor numbers Rar the Cat wants you to convert for him.

$N$ lines will then follow with 2 integers each, the $i^{th}$ line will contain $T_i$ and $X_i$.

If $T_i$ is $1$, you are to convert $X_i$ from the lucky numbering scheme to the conventional numbering scheme and print the result in a single line. However, if $X_i$ is not a valid number in the lucky numbering scheme, print $-1$ as the answer instead.

If $T_i$ is $2$, you are to convert $X_i$ from the conventional numbering scheme to the lucky numbering scheme and print the result on a single line.

## 输出格式

Your program must output to standard output only.

Output a total of $N$ lines with 1 integer each. For each $i$, output the answer to $T_i$ and $X_i$.

It is guaranteed that the answer will fit in a 64-bit signed integer. Refer to Sample Testcase 4 and 5 for more information.

## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
8
1 1
1 4
1 15
1 25
2 1
2 4
2 15
2 25
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
1
-1
12
21
1
5
18
29
```
### 样例输入 #2
```
10
1 1
2 4
1 15
2 15
1 26
1 131
2 131
2 1337
1 100000
2 100000
```
### 样例输出 #2
```
1
5
12
18
22
-1
178
1995
56160
190508
```
### 样例输入 #3
```
2
1 9
1 999999999999
```
### 样例输出 #3
```
8
245967827040
```
### 样例输入 #4
```
5
1 987328938823
1 75732858587173
1 4444444444444444
1 1313131313131313
1 10000000000000000
```
### 样例输出 #4
```
241928778399
13999321852875
-1
-1
1534593233484559
```
### 样例输入 #5
```
5
2 987328938823
2 75732858587173
2 4444444444444444
2 1313131313131313
2 10000000000000000
```
### 样例输出 #5
```
5110985302888
500859079673722
30071998020860537
8755153350232701
76732116285952928
```
## 提示

### Sample Explanation

Sample Testcase 1 is only valid for subtasks 1, 2, 3, 5 and 6.

Sample Testcase 2 is only valid for subtasks 2, 3 and 6 only.

Sample Testcase 3 is only valid for subtasks 4, 5 and 6 only.

Sample Testcase 4 is only valid for subtasks 5 and 6 only.

Sample Testcase 5 is only valid for subtask 6 only.


### Subtasks

The maximum execution time on each instance is $2.5s$. Your program will be tested on sets of input instances that satisfies the following restrictions:

| Subtask | Marks | $N$ | $T_i$ | $X_i$ |
| :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| 1 | 5 | $0 < N \leq 50$ | $T_i = 1$ or $2$ | $0 < X_i \leq 25$ |
| 2 | 12 | $0 < N \leq 50$ | $T_i = 1$ or $2$ | $0 < X_i \leq 100000$ |
| 3 | 18 | $0 < N \leq 100000$ | $T_i = 1$ or $2$ | $0 < X_i \leq 100000$ |
| 4 | 11 | $0 < N \leq 100000$ | $T_i = 1$ | $X_i = 10^K - 1$ where $1 \leq K \leq 16$ |
| 5 | 37 | $0 < N \leq 100000$ | $T_i = 1$ | $0 < X_i \leq 10^{16}$ |
| 6 | 17 | $0 < N \leq 100000$ | $T_i = 1$ or $2$ | $0 < X_i \leq 10^{16}$ |
