---
title: "[CERC 2023] Equal Schedules"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及-
pid: P13849
tag: ['模拟', '字符串', '2023', 'ICPC', 'CERC']
---
# [CERC 2023] Equal Schedules
## 题目描述

You are one of the people on-call for a high-availability service that offers users to solve programming tasks. As an organized team, you have an on-call schedule specifying who is responsible for the service at which time. A colleague sends you a new schedule, and you want to make sure that everyone has the same amount of on-call time as before, or print any differences.

The on-call schedule is specified with lines of form $s_i \ e_i \ t_i$, where $s_i$ and $e_i$ represent the start and end offsets of the on-call shift for a teammate $t_i$ from some start hour.

Given a sample schedule

```
0 7 jan
7 14 tomaz
14 20 jure
20 24 jan
24 25 tomaz
25 26 jure
```

we can see that jan is on-call for the first $7$ hours (hour $0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5$, and $6$), tomaz for next $7$, … In total, jan is on-call for $11$ hours, tomaz for $8$ and jure for $7$.
## 输入格式

The input contains two schedules separated by a horizontal line `------`. Each schedule contains one or more lines of form $s_i \ e_i \ t_i$, where integers $s_i$ and $e_i$ specify that teammate $t_i$ is on-call for hours from $s_i$ up to and excluding $e_i$. A final line `======` is printed after the second schedule.
## 输出格式

Output the differences between two schedules, in form $t_i \ \pm d_i$, where $d_i$ is the difference between the second and the first schedule for the teammate $t_i$. The output should be sorted alphabetically by teammates' names and teammates with no differences should be omitted, otherwise the difference should be printed with a + or a - sign. If no differences are found, print `No differences found.` (without the quotes).
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
0 7 jan
7 14 tomaz
14 20 jure
20 24 jan
24 25 tomaz
25 26 jure
------
0 9 tomaz
9 20 jan
20 26 jure
======
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
jure -1
tomaz +1
```
### 样例输入 #2
```
0 7 nino
7 14 bgs
14 21 ines
------
0 7 ines
7 14 nino
14 21 bgs
======
```
### 样例输出 #2
```
No differences found.

```
### 样例输入 #3
```
0 3 vid
3 6 maks
6 9 janez
------
0 1 vid
1 2 vid
2 3 vid
3 4 maks
4 5 maks
5 6 maks
6 7 janez
7 8 janez
======
```
### 样例输出 #3
```
janez -1
```
## 提示

### Input limits

For each schedule, the following holds:

- $s_1 = 0$
- $s_i < e_i$
- $s_{i+1} = e_i$
- $e_i \leq 1000$
- Name $t_i$ will consist of lowercase letters from the English alphabet.
- $3 \leq |t_i| \leq 20$
