---
title: "Erase First or Second Letter"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及-
pid: CF1917B
tag: ['枚举']
---

# Erase First or Second Letter

## 题目描述

You are given a string $ s $ of length $ n $ . Let's define two operations you can apply on the string:

- remove the first character of the string;
- remove the second character of the string.

Your task is to find the number of distinct non-empty strings that can be generated by applying the given operations on the initial string any number of times (possibly zero), in any order.

## 输入格式

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $ t $ ( $ 1 \leq t \leq 10^4 $ ) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains $ n $ ( $ 1 \leq n \leq 10^5 $ ) — the length of the string.

The second line of each test case contains the string $ s $ . It is guaranteed that the string only contains lowercase letters of the English alphabet.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $ n $ over all test cases does not exceed $ 2 \cdot 10^5 $ .

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer: the number of distinct non-empty strings you can get.

## 说明/提示

In the first test case, we can get the following strings: $ a $ , $ aa $ , $ aaa $ , $ aaaa $ , $ aaaaa $ .

In the third test case, for example, the word $ ba $ can be reached in the following way:

- remove the first character of the current string $ ababa $ , getting $ baba $ ;
- remove the second character of the current string $ baba $ , getting $ bba $ ;
- remove the second character of the current string $ bba $ , getting $ ba $ .

## 样例 #1

### 输入

```
5
5
aaaaa
1
z
5
ababa
14
bcdaaaabcdaaaa
20
abcdefghijklmnopqrst
```

### 输出

```
5
1
9
50
210
```

