---
title: "[GCJ 2012 Qualification] Speaking in Tongues"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及-
pid: P13311
tag: ['字符串', '2012', 'Google Code Jam']
---
# [GCJ 2012 Qualification] Speaking in Tongues
## 题目描述

We have come up with the best possible language here at Google, called Googlerese. To translate text into Googlerese, we take any message and replace each English letter with another English letter. This mapping is one-to-one and onto, which means that the same input letter always gets replaced with the same output letter, and different input letters always get replaced with different output letters. A letter may be replaced by itself. Spaces are left as-is.

For example (and here is a hint!), our awesome translation algorithm includes the following three mappings: 'a' -> 'y', 'o' -> 'e', and 'z' -> 'q'. This means that "a zoo" will become "y qee".

Googlerese is based on the best possible replacement mapping, and we will never change it. It will always be the same. In every test case. We will not tell you the rest of our mapping because that would make the problem too easy, but there are a few examples below that may help.

Given some text in Googlerese, can you translate it to back to normal text?
## 输入格式

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, $T$. $T$ test cases follow, one per line.

Each line consists of a string $G$ in Googlerese, made up of one or more words containing the letters 'a' - 'z'. There will be exactly one space (' ') character between consecutive words and no spaces at the beginning or at the end of any line.
## 输出格式

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #$X$: $S$" where $X$ is the  case number and $S$ is the string that becomes $G$ in Googlerese.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
ejp mysljylc kd kxveddknmc re jsicpdrysi
rbcpc ypc rtcsra dkh wyfrepkym veddknkmkrkcd
de kr kd eoya kw aej tysr re ujdr lkgc jv
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
Case #1: our language is impossible to understand
Case #2: there are twenty six factorial possibilities
Case #3: so it is okay if you want to just give up
```
## 提示

**Limits(15 Pts)**

- There is only one test set which has visible verdict.
- $1 \leq T \leq 30$.
- $\mathbf{G}$ contains at most 100 characters.
- None of the text is guaranteed to be valid English.
