---
title: "±1"
layout: "post"
diff: 提高+/省选-
pid: CF1971H
tag: ['2-SAT']
---

# ±1

## 题目描述

Bob has a grid with $ 3 $ rows and $ n $ columns, each of which contains either $ a_i $ or $ -a_i $ for some integer $ 1 \leq i \leq n $ . For example, one possible grid for $ n=4 $ is shown below:

 $$\begin{bmatrix} a_1 & -a_2 & -a_3 & -a_2 \\ -a_4 & a_4 & -a_1 & -a_3 \\ a_1 & a_2 & -a_2 & a_4 \end{bmatrix} $$
 
Alice and Bob play a game as follows: 
 - Bob shows Alice his grid.
 - Alice gives Bob an array  $a_1, a_2, \cdots, a_n$  of her choosing, **whose elements are all  $-1$  or  $1$**.
  - Bob substitutes these values into his grid to make a grid of  $ -1 $ s and  $ 1 $ s.
  - Bob **sorts** the elements of each column in non-decreasing order. 
  - Alice wins if all the elements in the middle row are  $ 1 $ ; otherwise, Bob wins. 
  
For example, suppose Alice gives Bob the array  $[1, -1, -1, 1]$  for the grid above. Then the following will happen (colors are added for clarity): 

$$ \begin{bmatrix} \color{red}{a_1} & \color{green}{-a_2} & \color{blue}{-a_3} & \color{green}{-a_2} \\ -a_4 & a_4 & \color{red}{-a_1} & \color{blue}{-a_3} \\ \color{red}{a_1} & \color{green}{a_2} & \color{green}{-a_2} & a_4 \end{bmatrix} \xrightarrow{[\color{red}{1},\color{green}{-1},\color{blue}{-1},1]} \begin{bmatrix} \color{red}{1} & \color{green}{1} & \color{blue}{1} & \color{green}{1} \\ -1 & 1 & \color{red}{-1} & \color{blue}{1} \\ \color{red}{1} & \color{green}{-1} & \color{green}{1} & 1 \end{bmatrix} \xrightarrow{\text{sort each column}} \begin{bmatrix} -1 & -1 & -1 & 1 \\ \mathbf{1} & \mathbf{1} & \mathbf{1} & \mathbf{1} \\ 1 & 1 & 1 & 1 \\ \end{bmatrix}$$

Since the middle row is all  $ 1 $ , Alice wins. Given Bob's grid, determine whether or not Alice can choose the array  $a$ to win the game.

## 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $ t $ ( $ 1 \leq t \leq 1000 $ ) — the number of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $ n $ ( $ 2 \leq n \leq 500 $ ) — the number of columns of Bob's grid.

The next three lines each contain $ n $ integers, the $ i $ -th of which contains $ g_{i,1}, g_{i,2}, \dots, g_{i,n} $ ( $ -n \leq g_{i,j} \leq n $ , $ g_{i,j} \neq 0 $ ), representing Bob's grid.

If cell $ x > 0 $ is in the input, that cell in Bob's grid should contain $ a_x $ ; if $ x < 0 $ is in the input, that cell in Bob's grid should contain $ -a_{-x} $ . See the sample input and notes for a better understanding.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output `YES` (without quotes) if Alice can win, and `NO` (without quotes) otherwise.

You can output `YES` and `NO` in any case (for example, strings `yEs`, `yes`, and `Yes` will be recognized as a positive response).

## 说明/提示

The first test case is described in the statement.

In the second test case, Bob's grid is as follows:

 $$\begin{bmatrix} a_1 & a_2 \\ -a_1 & -a_2 \\ a_2 & -a_2 \end{bmatrix} $$ 
 
For the last column to have  $ 1 $  in the middle row when sorted, Alice must pick  $ a_2 = -1 $ . However, it is then impossible to choose  $ a_1 $  such that the first column has  $ 1 $  in the middle when sorted. Thus, Alice cannot win.

In the third test case, Alice can pick  $ a = [1,1,1,1,1]$.

## 样例 #1

### 输入

```
4
4
1 -2 -3 -2
-4 4 -1 -3
1 2 -2 4
2
1 2
-1 -2
2 -2
5
1 2 3 4 5
-2 3 -4 -5 -1
3 -5 1 2 2
6
1 3 -6 2 5 2
1 3 -2 -3 -6 -5
-2 -1 -3 2 3 1
```

### 输出

```
YES
NO
YES
NO
```

